# 188.992 Experiment Design for Data Science 2024W

**Exercise 2: Reproduce experimental results from a paper**

## Zenodo Report

[Report](https://zenodo.org/records/14781184)

## Table of Contents

- [Group Information](#group-information)
- [Paper](#paper)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Reproducing](#reproducing)

## Group Information

**Group 7**

Members: Johannes Oster, Amin Rashidul Saad, Teresa Schuch, Sven Gerloff

## Paper

**Learning Recommendations from User Actions in the Item-poor Insurance Domain**

Authors: Simone Borg Bruun, Maria Maistro, Christina Lioma

Published at: RecSys 2022

[Paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3523227.3546775)

[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/simonebbruun/cross-sessions_RS)

## Setup

To set up the `exdds` environment using the provided `environment.yml` file.

1. Ensure Conda is Installed

2. Create the Environment. Run the following commands in your terminal.

   ```bash
   conda env create -f environment.yml

   ```

3. Activate the Environment

   ```bash
   conda activate exdds
   ```

## Reproducing

### 1. Train and Evaluate The Models

Run the script `train_and_evaluate_models.ipynb`. 

- **Input:** The script trains and evalues the models based on the scripts and data provided by the orginal paper.
- **Output:** It saves the model in a .h5 format and creates csv files for the model evalution.
- **Save Location:** The generated files are saved in the folder `external_repo`.

### 2. Varying Thresholds Plot Implementation

We implemented the `varying_thresholds_plot.ipynb` script as it was missing from the original GitHub repository.

- **Input:** The script processes files generated by the evaluation scripts for each model.
- **Output:** It generates threshold plots for each model using for HR@k and MRR@k.
- **Save Location:** The generated plots are saved in the folder `documents/varying_thresholds_plots`.

### 3. Statistical Significance Test Implementation

We implemented the `statistical_significance_test.ipynb` script as it was missing from the original GitHub repository.

- **Input:** The script processes files generated by the evaluation scripts for each model.
- **Output:** It performs the McNemar test for HR and ANOVA with post-hoc tests for all other metrics to assess significant differences between models and the cross-session encode model.
- **Save Location:** The computed p-values are saved within the script.
